One day in college, I was sitting in a computer lab class. I got introduced with flowchart, pseudocode, and basic programming. I was totally amused how a few lines of code create logic and automate tasks. Later, I realized that how deeply softwares are integrated in our daily life, from the time we wake up to the moment we go to bed. And I decided to pursue my career in the software industry. 

To grow as a software engineer, in the past year, I have been intensively focused on strengthening my software engineering fundamentals. I learned deeply about software architecture, object-oriented programming, design patterns, the full development lifecycle and many more. Alongside that, I have been highly active in competitive programming at CodeForces, where I solved more than 1,000 programming problems, and participated in 40+ coding competition. This journey helped me to develop a strong problem-solving mindset and improve my analytical thinking ability. To put my learning, I've build two full stack project implementing advance authentication and dashbaord feature - Jobster (a recruiting paltform) and Employee Management System.

Before that, I worked as a junior backend engineer at an Indian startup. In that role, I worked on agile projects, collaborated with cross-functional teams, solved critical bugs, and sometimes improved existing systems. This one-year experience helped me to build a scalable and efficient system while collaborating with teams in an agile environment. 
In the same role, I learned Angular in a systematic approach within just two weeks and started contributing to a live project. That’s when I realized how quickly I could adapt and deliver when the pressure was on.

Coming from a non-CSE background, I have built the habit of researching technology trends, setting clear learning goals, and maintaining strict discipline to achieve my goals. This journey actually shaped my passion for technology and built a growth mindset of continuous learning and improving. 

And now, with my strong problem-solving mindset, industry experience of building a scalable and efficient system in an agile environment, and also having quick learning ability and a growth mindset, I am actively looking for a new role where I can leverage these strengths to tackle more complex challenges, take more ownership, and grow towards becoming a senior software engineer.
